---
title: Online Help Use Case Guidelines
keywords: BOADocStandards
summary: "This page describes use case guidelines for the online help."
sidebar: BOADocStandards_sidebar
permalink: BOADocStandards_UCGuidelines.html
folder: BOADocStandards
---


### Application of Styles

When applying a style in Flare, it may be necessary to clear a style or
remove attributes from a style so that text is formatted correctly.
Clear the style by highlighting the text (click the style block in the
XML Editor), and then on the Home tab, in the Font group, click the
**Unformat** icon.

#### h1

All topics start with an h1 style.

Refer to [[Use Case Topics in the
TOC]{.underline}](#simple-use-case-structure-and-content), [[Simple Use
Case Structure]{.underline}](#simple-use-case-structure-and-content) and
[[Complex Use Case Structure]{.underline}](#h.1900avv2wspg) for more
information.

#### h2

Format the title of sections in topics in h2.

Refer to [[Use Case Topics in the
TOC]{.underline}](#simple-use-case-structure-and-content), [[Simple Use
Case Structure]{.underline}](#simple-use-case-structure-and-content) and
[[Complex Use Case Structure]{.underline}](#h.1900avv2wspg) for more
information.

#### h3

Use h3 when sub sections within a topic need a heading.

#### P

Use the p (paragraph) style for text that is not in a table, is not
bulleted or numbered, and is not a note.

#### Bullets

Use bullets to present a list of information.

Use the Bullets option in Flare for bulleted lists.

Bulleted lists must include at least two items and have a parallel
structure. Refer to *[[List Boxes in Use
Cases]{.underline}](#list-boxes-in-use-cases)* for more information.

#### Numbered Steps

Use numbered steps when describing a detailed, sequential process. Refer
to *[[Use of Numbered Steps in Use
Cases]{.underline}](#numbered-steps-in-use-cases)* for more information.

#### Tables

Use the Table Column style for the first row and the left column in all
tables. Use Table Text for all other columns.

Apply the fielddescripion stylesheet to field description tables to set
column width and grid lines.

Refer to Format Tables in Topics in the [[BackOffice AssociatesÂ®
Documentation
Process](http://drive.google.com/open?id=1fDr3vB5D8QSK3lfXPBqVae140lDKzchlRWqRDq-LQJk)
document. ]{.underline}

Use the Table Note style for adding notes to tables.

#### NOTE

Use the p.note style for notes included in paragraphs.

To add a note in numbered steps, make the note a paragraph item
(CTRL+;). Apply a p.note style. Refer to [[Use of Numbered Steps in Use
Cases]{.underline}](#numbered-steps-in-use-cases) for more information.

#### Character Styles

##### Italics

In use cases, use italics for:

-   Page names (e.g., the *Targets* page)

-   *Vertical* View (unless referring to the clickable icon)

-   *Horizontal* View

-   *Navigation* pane

-   Manual titles (e.g., *BackOffice Associates Installation and Upgrade
    Guide*)

-   The link to field descriptions in steps ("*View the field
    descriptions for the Targets page*")

##### Bold

Use bold for

-   Options in list boxes. Refer to [[List Boxes in Use
    Cases]{.underline}](#list-boxes-in-use-cases) for more information.

-   **Vertical View** when it is being described as a clickable icon.

-   Use bold if specific text is entered in a field in numbered steps.
    For example,

Enter **MM01** in the **TARGET TABLE** field.

-   The word **NOTE**:

-   The names of UI elements in steps. For example:

Select an option in the **TABLE NAME** list box.

**NOTE**: Do not bold the names of UI elements (icons, etc.) outside of
steps except when you are **making an imperative statement** (whether
inside or outside of a step). An imperative statement is Click the XXX
icon. Select Xxxx from the listbox). .0

### References to Field Descriptions

In use case steps, include a link to a field description after the Click
Add or Click Edit step. Italicize the reference and do not use a period.

> *View the field description for the Targets page*

Add a hyperlink to this text that is linked to the field descriptions
page.

### References to Other Use Cases

Use the following standard text:

Refer to \[Use case name\] for more information.

Add references as relevant to avoid repeating content and to ensure
consistency in information.

### Simple Use Case Structure and Content

A simple use case can be described in one topic.

The heading text is the name of the use case topic. The name begins with
a verb, for example, "Add a Template to a Process."

The use case answers the following questions:

-   Who: Who (i.e., what type of user such as Administrator or Business
    user) performs the use case.

-   What: What is accomplished with this use case.

-   Why: Why does the user perform this task. Is it a configuration
    task? Does it cause data to display on a report? Does it allow other
    tasks to be performed?

-   How: How is the task performed (i.e., what are the steps)?

A use case defines any unfamiliar terms as needed. If these terms are
used throughout help, add a glossary entry for them.

#### Navigation in dspMigrate steps

-   Write the steps with the assumption that the user is already working
    in dspMigrate.

-   Use this format for the "to" line above the steps:

> To \[perform an action\] in Map:

-   Do not include the component name in the Navigation steps, e.g.,\
    To perform an action:

> Click Map \> XXX.

#### Simple Use Case Examples

![](media/image5.png)

*Example of a Simple Use Case*

### Complex Use Case Structure

A complex use case spans multiple topics, and describes a set of
subtasks that must be performed to accomplish the overall goal of the
complex use case. These subtasks may or may not have to be performed in
order.

The first topic in the complex use case provides an overview of the
complex use case with links to subtasks.

Each subtask in a complex use case contains the same content as a simple
use case (i.e., the who, what, why, and how).

Additionally, make the order of subtasks or the relationship of subtasks
in the complex use case clear using prerequisites and next steps.

### Prerequisites and Next Steps

Use Prerequisites and Next steps in complex use cases when applicable.

Prerequisites are use cases that must be performed before the current
use case can be completed. Describe these prerequisites at the topic's
start.

If applicable, a use case topic includes links to next steps, which are
the task(s) performed after the current use case. Include the next steps
at the end of the topic.

An example:

![](media/image6.png)

The following is an example of the introductory topic for a complex use
case. Each number in the list represents a subtask.

![](media/image7.png)

In Integrate there are a number of topics with multiple ordered steps
about creating template types and posting data with each type. In this
case, we used a pop-up with links to avoid having to repeat the steps in
each topic. Each topic in the browse sequence contains a link to a
pop-up that lists all the steps.

![](media/image8.png)

### Numbered Steps in Use Cases

-   Use numbered steps when describing a sequential process.

-   Include at least two steps.

-   Define one action in each numbered step (if the word "and" is used,
    it can probably be another step).

-   Begin all numbered steps with a present tense action verb.

-   Precede each set of numbered steps with a line that explains what
    the steps accomplish. Start this line with the word "To" and end
    with a colon.

-   Use the p (paragraph) for the "To" line.

### List Boxes in Use Cases

Begin a step that describes a list box with the words "Select a \[name
of field\] to . . . "

When describing list boxes, follow the step with the text: "Values are:"
Insert a bulleted list with each value as a separate bullet. Bold the
value name. Follow it with an em dash. The shortcut for em dash is
Alt+0151. The numbers must be typed on the numeric keypad. Follow the em
dash with the value's definition.

For example:

Select a role from the **Role ID** list box. Options are:

-   **Value 1** --- Description 1

-   **Value 2** --- Description 2

Define each list box value.

Do not bold list box names outside of steps, except when used in the
imperative (click the **XXX** list box to select a value.) Follow the
list box name with the words "list box."

### Text Boxes in Use Cases

Begin a step that describes a text box field that allows data entry with
"Enter the value. . ." or "Enter text. . ."

Do not bold text box names outside of steps, unless used in an
imperative statement. Follow the text box name with the word "field."

For example:

Enter a unique name in the **Customer Name** field.

### Check Boxes in Use Cases

Write a step describing a check box as "Click the \[check box name\] to
enable it. . ." then provide additional information about what enabling
the feature does. Provide information about what disabling the feature
does too, if necessary.

Do not bold check box names outside of steps, unless used in an
imperative statement. Follow the check box name with the words "check
box."

### Menu Navigation in Use Cases

When writing steps, use this standard to describe access to items on a
menu:

Select **Configuration \> Data Sources** in the *Navigation* pane.

### Icons in Use Cases

In steps, use:

Click the \[icon name\] icon

instead of only the icon name.

For example,

Click the **Tables** icon.

Not

Click **Tables**.

**NOTE:** The Vertical View icon is just referred to as Vertical View,
without an definitive article or the word "icon."
